hey YouTube this is hand feeding a
six-inch silver Arowana what else do I
have in this tank is the peacock bass
and knife fish but there one is the only
one that had feeds feeding it silver
fish yeah got one out
I get frozen at the market and the
perfect size for them well for him
peacock box is waiting for some pellets
you'll need pellets my fish comes out
but he doesn't have good so I wanna he
comes
good boy what a fish it's amazing
never had a fish news for me and he's
whole silver fish fish I pretty much eat
feed him these and I feed it was Akari
once
Hikari carnivore sticks every three days
cuz he can't just eat protein and I feed
him till he bulges really oh you don't
like thing on that one oh that was an
awesome shot here he comes
yum-yum-yum silver I want is a great
fish they're really like
once they passed about five inches
that's when we start getting really not
shy mine when I got is about three
inches and this guy he was the shyest
thing ever he was jumping every two
seconds scared of everything
he wouldn't even eat like a week out of
force-feed him but uh it's all good now
things will be lasting from
great shots I'm getting yeah I just
pretty much feed him until he's done
eating and peacock bass he only eats
every three days unless because I've
tried to do that fishes out he's brought
him he's scared he's gonna she's still
small them
he's like the suit sounds the air wanna
but he's really shy I think yep I think
that's the last fish come on just one
more nope nope
peacock bass see sizing me is only
silverfish right
but night fish comes out you see and I
just dropped in the rest he eats it like
freaking dog food you want to watch come
on bud
here you go he's coming he's ease back
in there can't want to make this video
too long but that was hand feeding
silver Arowana six inches the great fish
I do really really really really
recommend these dish um they're really
awesome fish oh this is so uh my fish
eating pecan prices they're so like
harassing he just don't bow is it
close shop I've never had this dog a
video like this but he goes right back
okay yeah I want is great fishes fish I
guess and they get pretty big - so you
love when she got they take but that's
pretty much hand feeding so comment rate
subscribe PCT